OSDOCS-9505 updated create cluster command (#71023)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-cli.adoc

    --sts --mode=auto --hosted-cp --subnet-ids=<private-subnet-id>
----

> ** If you used the `OIDC_ID`, `SUBNET_IDS`, and `OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX` variables, you can use those references when creating your cluster. For example, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If you used the `OIDC_ID`, `SUBNET_IDS`, and `OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX` variables to x, you can continue to use these variables when creating your cluster. For example, run the following command:
```

I added `x` in teh update as I cannot determine where these variables might have been previously used.
